# CS300_Portfolio
Project Portfolio for CS300 at SNHU. February 2022

This project was assisting a fictional school called ABC University. ABCU wanted us to develop an application that could read a .csv file of course information, import it into a data structure and have that data be used in the program. Features in the program include loading data, adding a course, searching for a course, and printing courses. The main problem solving component of the project revolved around choosing an appropriate data structure. Different data structures can have varying runtimes even if you are manipulating the same data. A linked list will be coded much differently than a binary search tree. Also, the data that utilizes a search tree or vector structure may differ -- in this case, a linked list made sense because each course has a prerequisite which is a pointer to that particular course.

One of the main issues in this project was getting the .csv file import code correct. This project did not directly specify how we would develop the code for that portion of the project. I knew from previous projects that we were given code that does all of this. What I did was took pieces from our previous projects and used that as the starting point for my .cpp and .h files. It was not showing issues in Visual Studio, however it crashed every time I would try to compile. The problem was my filename was just slightly off...I had included .csv when I did not need to. This goes to show that an eye for detail always pays off. I think this project showed how easy it is to create data structures in C++. I would like to continue learning this, but I would also like to learn what types of data benefit from the various types of data structures available to developers.
